Hi girls , how are you?
Today I'm going to show you how to do it.
for different types of hairstyles with
a bandana
so that 's what you're going to need
it is logical for a bandanna or more
the first hairstyle will need a
elastic and a bandana
he is very easy to do
then you can start by holding your
hair anyway do not care too much
because, after all, he's going to vote and
then idea is to just drop some pieces of
your hair flat irons and then hold the
people there you will get the bandana on
she in fact singular and spinning her
So you went to register that back
the head and make a knot at the top of
head can be in the middle of the
Any way you want it
then just let go of your hair and give
a check and your stepson is ready
now second hairstyle is with tail
horse
So you can choose the band that you
to prefer
and you'll need me I think
It's also the same as the previous one.
More or less will leave a little brother.
loose in front
if you want if you do not want do not need
but I like it and then it will make a tail
with the volume behind his
head because you will roll band
same way as before 2007 and places
her around your head and make a knot
can leave thinner thicker leave
upstairs and downstairs
many varieties
now this third hairstyle will be used
he around the elastic hair then
It's already there with a ponytail border.
which is down something to some element
more in your hairstyle then only
put it around and make a knot
I think that yes it is very fulfilled the
accounts will then help 290 crosses the
tips under my ponytail
possible take another node that decreases
the answers
and this is how our third party is ready
hairstyle
now we are going to make the room in which more
also likes
my style is that 11
Then you just went around your hair.
mainly in the lower part and
then bring up and do what is already
ready
this is one of the most famous types of
bandanna that you see and for that leaves the
band a little coarse showing and
I did not do finep fine style because what
I like a little messy coke but
if you want to
since the book nearby makes the ring
well right on you with him almost a
horizontal line of your head and passes
makes 29 and then only hides little sai
so it 's very simple to do
but like I said I like doing the
hairstyle always more advanced than I
so this is what I hope you have
liked the video I could not make a
video so that's why my
voice
click on liked subscribe to the channel
comment and enjoy the facebook page
which is on the registration link
so until the next video, people, bye
bye kiss if you see some broken beauty